Fun-tion Kids!
The use of time.
The person who uses time gets good results with time.
This is what happened when Sonu and Vani's annual exams were about to come.
Are you still studying? Let's have food.
There is just a little project left. If we don't do it, the teacher will scold us.
And exams are also starting from next week.
Vani was a very hardworking and time-consuming child.
Whereas her brother Sonu was a very careless and evil child.
He used to postpone everything.
Did you finish your project?
Yes, I have just finished the project.
That has to be done in the sixth period.
There are still two periods left.
I will do it quickly.
Come soon. I am hungry. And I have to play too.
Sonu, wait. If you don't do it, the teacher will scold you.
Sonu and Vani's parents used to always give Sonu an example of Vani.
Sonu, you have grown up.
Along with playing, you should also pay attention to your studies.
Yes, mom. From tomorrow.
Sonu, learn to use time from your sister.
She studies and plays from time to time.
She never neglects her work from tomorrow.
I will also do the same from tomorrow.
Shall I go to play now? Please.
Sonu's carelessness was increasing day by day.
And finally, the days of exams were nearing.
Only two days were left in Sonu and Vani's exams.
Children, your exams are starting from next Monday.
Study hard and give a good exam.
Sonu, I am very worried about you.
You always neglect your work from tomorrow.
Don't neglect your studies from tomorrow.
Like Vani, study all your studies from time to time. Okay?
Dad, only two days are left in exams.
I will study fast. Everything.
I am going to play now.
Till I don't play, I won't understand my studies.
Vani, look at the beautiful weather.
Come, let's play for a while.
We can study later too.
Everything will be done quickly.
Yes, the weather is nice.
But I have to complete my exams.
Tomorrow is the exam.
Playing in this weather is fun.
You keep studying.
I am going to play.
After some time, Vani saw that the beautiful weather..
..is slowly turning into a storm.
And the dark clouds are disappearing.
Let's assume that it can rain anytime.
Vani was worried about the weather.
If it rains, how will she complete her exams?
Because in the rains, the electricity is cut off.
She called out to Sonu.
Sonu, listen.
Looking at the weather, it seems that it is going to rain.
Maybe the electricity will be cut off at night.
Leave that and come and complete your exams.
Otherwise, what will you write in the exam tomorrow?
Don't worry, Vani.
It is afternoon now.
I will finish everything quickly at night.
The electricity will not go.
But after the rains, it will be more fun to study.
Okay, I am going.
My batting is here.
Sonu kept playing till late evening.
But her worries increased when the rain started.
Sonu was very scared.
And returned home.
Where she saw that there is no electricity in the entire village.
Seeing this, Sonu started crying loudly.
What will happen to me in the exam tomorrow?
I didn't study even once.
And now there is no electricity.
I will fail.
I told you.
Study your studies on time.
I told you a week ago.
Study on time.
But you never understand anything.
Now enjoy.
Sorry, dad.
What do I do now?
I wish I had studied my studies on time.
She understood that due to her carelessness..
..she doesn't have time to study now.
Crying won't do anything now.
Now did you understand why everyone used to make you understand?
Now stop crying.
And come with me.
I just completed my studies on time.
I will explain you the entire lesson.
And I will also remind you.
Come on.
The next day, both the kids went to give their exams.
The one who respects time in the future..
..is called great.
